Specify a files encoding
http://www.perl.com/pub/2012/05/perlunicook-specify-a-files-encoding.html

JSONP
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSONP

HTTP basics
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP

Essential Perl Hacker's Toolkit
http://www.slideshare.net/hercynium/the-essential-perl-hackers-toolkit?related=1

Perl bag of tricks
http://www.slideshare.net/brian_d_foy/bag-of-tricks?related=1

Guide to solving perl problems
http://archive.oreilly.com/pub/a/perl/excerpts/9780596527242/brians-guide.html

wishlist
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1598272670/chip-the-worlds-first-9-computer

doto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TK0veCzPIjg
http://www.reddit.com/r/redditdota2league/

perl blogs
http://blogs.perl.org
http://blogs.perl.org/users/ovid

chocolatey
https://chocolatey.org/packages/youtube-dl
https://chocolatey.org/packages/autohotkey

github
https://github.com/barrett777/Heroes.ReplayParser

api
www.getpostman.com

perl lexing
http://www.perl.com/pub/2006/01/05/parsing.html

MJD talks perl
http://perl.plover.com/yak/

git from bottom up pdf
http://ftp.newartisans.com/pub/git.from.bottom.up.pdf

perl cpan module getting started
http://blogs.perl.org/users/itcharlie/2015/06/what-i-learned-at-perl-miniconf.html

cpan Task::Kensho
https://metacpan.org/pod/Task::Kensho

laptop
https://snapguide.com/guides/use-your-old-laptop/

unix-haters-handbook (page 345 of 360)
http://www.catonmat.net/ftp/unix-haters-handbook.pdf

perl sucks!
http://www.slideshare.net/2shortplanks/perl-sucks?qid=f7d1c511-1a55-4db5-8ae0-71d7d13cf693&v=qf1&b=&from_search=13

how cheap can solar get
http://rameznaam.com/2015/08/10/how-cheap-can-solar-get-very-cheap-indeed/

conquering the commandline book (page 0 of 298)
http://conqueringthecommandline.com/book

arp-scan
http://askubuntu.com/questions/143055/how-to-detect-a-mobile-device-when-it-connects-to-a-home-wifi-network

raspberry-pi
https://leanpub.com/RPiMRE/read

a primer on sql (section 6.3 of 12.2)
https://leanpub.com/aprimeronsql/read

sql reference book
http://atibook.ir/dl/en/Engineering/Computer Science/9781435457515_the_language_of_sql.pdf

seven seconds or less
http://www.amazon.com/Seven-Seconds-Less-Season-Phoenix/dp/0743298136

but I can't use CPAN
http://shadow.cat/blog/matt-s-trout/but-i-cant-use-cpan/

culture and empire: digital revolution (ch1 of ch8)
cultureandempire.com/html/cande.html

perl basic network hack
http://perltricks.com/article/179/2015/7/1/Basic-network-hacking-with-Perl

tech hacks/tips
http://carlcheo.com/

basketball tips
http://reddit.com/r/basketballtips

learn grunt
http://24ways.org/2013/grunt-is-not-weird-and-hard/
http://mattbailey.io/a-beginners-guide-to-grunt-redux/

pyschology
http://brainpump.net/video/paul-bloom-the-psychology-of-everything

ES6, javascript
https://hacks.mozilla.org/2015/07/es6-in-depth-classes/

readability api
https://www.readability.com/developers/api/parser

add to my rss list
http://feeds.pinboard.in/rss/popular/

flexbox
http://learnlayout.com/flexbox.html

racket buckets
http://docs.racket-lang.org/index.html

common web server setups
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/5-common-server-setups-for-your-web-application

svg
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Tutorial/Paths

racket resc
https://www.reddit.com/r/Racket/comments/31fkcv/new_to_racket_again/

perl utf-8 crash course
http://weblog.bulknews.net/post/59317757811/perl-utf-8-crash-course

chrome apps
https://developer.chrome.com/apps/app_codelab_intro

purge plays poof
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXDAX1KYjHc&feature=youtu.be

vlc not so known features
http://lifehacker.com/the-best-hidden-features-of-vlc-1654434241

ajax cross site
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/postMessage
https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/messaging#external-webpage

css properties reference
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Properties_Reference

chrome apps on mobile
https://developer.chrome.com/apps/chrome_apps_on_mobile

ta tips
https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/3e4mbr/templar_assassin_tips/

60 youtube channels for the curious
https://blog.growth.supply/60-youtube-channels-that-will-make-you-smarter-44d8315c2548

developing custom games
http://www.dota2.com/reborn/part2/

doto pro tops
https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/2yk5qy/pro_tip_adjust_dota_health_per_vertical_marker_to/

doto pro tops#2
https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/30fdfq/what_are_some_settings_pro_players_use_that_the/

doto pro tops#3
https://docs.google.com/document/d/19A5QcocHbVRe_knaUUoncMQD-wfsE3uXqqtiS9iyUoM/edit?pli=1

doto pro tops#4
https://github.com/earlonrails/cfg

offline doto
http://www.mabzicle.com/2014/12/how-to-play-dota2-in-offline-mode-or-no-internet.html
